This project is the game of chess, programmed in java. It is a work in progress, and I plan to finish it soon and replace what is currently here.

Features:
  GUI with a click to move interface. 
    White pieces are represented as capital letters, and black pieces are lowercase
  En Passant is working
  Checks are identified, and relevant rules about checks are functional
    i.e. if a king is put into check, a legal move must remove the king from check.
  Illegal moves are not allowed to be made, and need to be chosen again to be displayed
  
Things to implement:
  Castling is currently not implemented
  Currently there is a bug, where the first move entered for white is not registered, so they must click squares before making the first move
    after this, moves are correctly registered
  Stalemate/Checkmate identification/user feedback
    Currently the player in checkmate simply can't make a move, and a stalemate just means no one can move
  
Things to improve in the code once everything is implemented:
  Code resembles an italian pasta in some ways
    There is room to clean it up, i.e. getter/setter methods were added later so their use isn't entirely consistent
    Some repetitious logic in determining legal moves of pieces, some are better than others.
    Non-complete commenting for some of the logic.
  Lots of the logic is in the addMove method of the board class. It should be in the setLegalMoves method of the pieces
    This is because I first programmed the piece movement basic logic, then implemented the Board/GUI, so I just worked with the code I had already written
  There are a lot of long if statements and are similar to others that could certainly be reduced with methods.
  
    
Broader thoughts about the code:
  moveAction would be good if it were a class that could be applied to a board via an applyMove(moveAction) method in the Board class. 
  Currently, moves are simply the coordinate of the piece being moved and where it is being moved to. This means that a lot of code is needed in the 
  add move method to cover special moves like en passant and castling.
  
Misc features that could be added for fun:
  user chooses what perspective they want to view the board from 
  ability to rewind the board to view it at previous stages
  added piece images
  after the game ends, shows moves in a standardized format
